Who are you calling ugly?
I think I'm in the wrong room
Who is the bully, are you blind?
Heh.
Ah, Su Ruoxue?
What do you think?
The decoration here is luxurious
Must be expensive
It seems that you are quite rich.
What do you think?
What do you say?
I remember playing house together when I was a kid
What do you think?
Ah!
You look okay.
The money can support me
I reluctantly agreed to this marriage
I refuse
That would be fine.
If you agree to marry me
It's dangerous if you don't get it right.
This is 5 million
You took this money and we got married
Isn't that okay?
You are so qualified
I'm not a material person.
I'm pretty valuable, huh?
This is just a deposit.
As long as you cooperate with me
Tell your mother and grandpa that you want to ruin your marriage
OK
Say you have a girlfriend
There's 5 million and 5 million
No, I don't have a girlfriend.
What does this have to do with me?
Do you want money or do you want to choose?
Look at this
You take it goodbye
Never see you again
Grandpa, you stinky girl
I knew you were going behind my back
I'll tell you both
Neither of you can return this marriage.
Go for marriage registration now
Wedding in three days?
Did you make a mistake in three days?